hi Andy Anderson from composure
magazines our resident how-to girl I
want to read about things that matter
what are you working on it How to Lose a
Guy in 10 days I could start by dating a
guy and then drive him away doing
everything girls do wrong in
relationships I can sell myself to any
woman I'd like to see you prove that you
would make a woman fall in love with you
you're on so who's the lucky girl her
her in the great dress hi Benjamin Barry
oh you are already falling in love with
me I'm gonna make you a dance
[Music]
I used Photoshop to composite our faces
together
oh that's our wedding you're the kids in
Switzerland you're doodling our kids are
really attractive so it's like a doll
right what we're still on for poker in
your house this week oh boy you're
giving him a boys night this guy I mean
this is DEFCON 5 though nobody likes is
the mr. sniffles come on Joe
I don't think she's fed you outside and
after all this he still didn't leave you
he's just a little tougher than I
thought where's the sexy cool fun smart
beautiful Andy that I know he loves you
can I see you tomorrow
this February delivery Andy a simple
assignment that was supposed to last 10
days cure is turning into something come
on I can't write this article that could
last a lifetime I can't write it because
it's just I've gotten to know this guy
you're beautiful me you'll write the
article I want copy on my desk in 48
hours
where's Annie Anderson she's not here
paramount pictures presents
Kate Hudson was there woman Strava me
Casey
Matthew McConaughy it's good to talk to
you the man How to Lose a Guy in 10 days
sure Falls all's fair never more true
great answer
[Music]